hey guys it's Gordon catch one two three
here and you guys may know that version
0.8.1 in Minecraft has came out finally
updated so here there's some new stuff
awesome see all this it's like organized
now which is pretty cool
this is new sponge
awesome crap by the way hmm this new
there's carpet now so I'm gonna test out
the carpet
that's my lava tower by the way that I
did like five days ago probably more
than that
see carpet carpet pretty dang cool make
sure I don't break any ice don't want to
do that
see test me out the carpet you know test
out the sponge it's an awesome new stuff
it's potato all sorts of other awesome
stuff this there's a clock which is
really cool
Howard rail which is really cool
compass clock I like awesomeness let's
put a clock on the wall wait oops I
didn't mean to do that it's also yeah
they have ice cubes now cobweb which is
pretty cool
see cobweb they have all sorts of
awesome new stuff so I suggest you
update now they even organize stuff like
I already said just try the track
awesome girl and my friend was playing
with Minecraft you put like a fire and
water we rolled over there before the
update was out he just made started
making this house there are two lava
towers there like the twin towers of
fire nobody can kill them they need the
new twin towers of fire so that you all
know about 911 don't you so just I'm
gonna put some awesome new stuff on here
using the new update oh yeah
just telling you there's a new update Oh
bye